Look, there's a light.
Looks like somebody's burning paper money.
Master Your Majesty
I see Your Majesty.
Princess, you explain it to me.
What the hell is this?
Your Majesty is not what you think.
Listen to me explain.
Princess Yao has vomited blood.
It's a princess.
I'm sure she'll use witchcraft again.
My five or six organs are all very painful.
Your Majesty.
It must be the princess.
This concubine, my cousin, has been interested in psychopathic monsters since childhood.
Her mother was killed by her.
No wonder Princess Yao's body is getting weaker and weaker.
Four-year-old, you have disappointed me.
Violating palace rules to kill Princess Yao
What do you deserve?